{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset204 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16480\viewh13300\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx1150\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs20 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Effective date: October 08, 2018\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs22 \cf2 \
Pave V\uc0\u228 is\u228 nen ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Bird Names Dictionary mobile application (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").\
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.\
\

\b\fs32 Data collection of the service\

\b0\fs22 \
Our Service does not collect any personally identifiable information. We can however collect anonymous statistical\'a0information to provide analysis or monitor the usage so that we can improve the Service. We don\'92t require that you provide any information nor we do not collect any information about you. In other words, we do not collect information such as a user\'92s name, age, gender, address, phone number, email address or geographic location.\
\

\b\fs32 Links to Other Sites\

\b0\fs22 \
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.\
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.\
\

\b\fs32 Privacy & Cookie Policy of our website.\

\b0\fs22 \
Our website does not use cookies nor does it track the users in any way. The website comply with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We do not collect any personal data with the exception of email address via our contact system. If you\'92ve ever use this system you may always contact us to request removal of your information.\
\
\

\b\fs32 Changes to This Privacy Policy\

\b0\fs22 \
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email: treecreeper.productions (at) protonmail (dot) com.}